serverless BR (#19679)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-serverless.md

>
> To learn how to back up and restore TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster data, see [Back Up and Restore TiDB Cloud Dedicated Data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).

> ## Automatic Backups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatic backups
```

Automatic backups will back up your cluster data regularly, allowing you to restore data from a backup snapshot to minimize data loss in the event of a disaster.

### Learn about the backup setting

Automatic backups is controlled by the backup setting, which is different for free clusters and scalable clusters, as shown in the following table:

| Backup setting   | Free clusters | Scalable clusters |
|------------------|--------------|------------------|
| Backup Cycle     | Daily        | Daily            |
| Backup Retention | 1 day        | 14 days          |
| Backup Time      | Fixed time   | Configurable     |

- **Backup Cycle** is the frequency at which backups are taken.

    - Free clusters: the backup cycle is daily.
    - Scalable clusters: the backup cycle is daily.

> 

Reviewer 2: reason: this info is already presented in the above table clearly

- **Backup Retention** is the duration for which backups are retained. The expired backups will not be available for restoration.
   
    - Free clusters: the backup retention is 1 day.
    - Scalable clusters: the backup retention is 14 days.

> 

Reviewer 2: reason: this info is already presented in the above table clearly

- **Backup Time** is the time when the backup starts to be scheduled. Note that the final backup time might fall behind the configured backup time.
   
    - Free clusters: the backup time is a randomly fixed time.
    - Scalable clusters: you can configure the backup time to every half an hour. The default value is a randomly fixed time.

### Configure the backup setting

> To set the backup time, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the backup time for a scalable cluster, perform the following steps:
```

1. Navigate to the **Backup** page of a TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster.

2. Click **Backup Settings**. This will open the **Backup Settings** window, where you can configure the automatic backup settings according to your requirements.

3. In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily cluster backup.

4. Click **Confirm**.

## Restore

> TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster provides restore functionality to help you recover your data in case of accidental data loss or corruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud Serverless clusters offer restore functionality to help recover data in case of accidental loss or corruption.
```

### Restore mode

TiDB Cloud Serverless supports snapshot restore and point-in-time restore for your cluster.

- **Snapshot Restore**: Restore your cluster from a specific backup snapshot.

> - **Point-in-Time Restore(beta)**: Restore your cluster to a specific time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Point-in-Time Restore (beta)**: Restore your cluster to a specific time.
```

    - Free clusters: not supported.
    - Scalable clusters: restore to any time within the last 14 days, but you are not allowed to restore to a time before the cluster creation time or after the current time minus one minute.

### Restore destination

TiDB Cloud Serverless supports restore in-place and restore to a new cluster.

**In-place Restore**

> Restore to the current cluster, which will overwrite the existing data. Pay attention to the following points:
> 
> - The existing connections will be terminated after the restore is triggered.
> - The cluster will be unavailable and any new connection will be blocked during the restore process.
> - When a restore is performed, tables in the `mysql` schema are also impacted. Hence, any changes made to user credentials and permissions or system variables will be rolled back to the state when the backup was taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restore to the current cluster will overwrite existing data. Note the following:

- Existing connections will be terminated once the restore is started.
- The cluster will be unavailable, and new connections will be blocked during the restore process.
- Restore will affect tables in the `mysql` schema. Any changes to user credentials, permissions, or system variables will be reverted to their state at the time of the backup.
```

**Restore to a New Cluster**

> Create and restore to the created new cluster. Pay attention to the following points:
> 
> - The user credentials and permissions in the source cluster will not be restored to the new cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and restore to the new cluster. Note the following:

- User credentials and permissions from the source cluster will not be restored to the new cluster.
```

3. In **Restore Mode**, you can choose to restore from a specific backup or any point in time.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Snapshot Restore">

    To restore from a selected backup snapshot, take the following steps:

    1. Click **Snapshot Restore**.

>     2. Select the backup snapshot you want to restore to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select the backup snapshot you want to restore from.
```

    </div>
    <div label="Point-in-Time Restore">

>     To restore to a specific point in time, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore to a specific point in time for a scalable cluster, take the following steps:
```

    1. Click **Point-in-Time Restore**.
    2. Select the date and time you want to restore to.

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

4. In **Destination**, you can choose to restore in-place or restore to a new cluster.

    <SimpleTab>

>     <div label="Restore to a New Cluster">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div label="Restore to a new cluster">
```

> 4. In **Destination**, you can choose to restore in-place or restore to a new cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In **Destination**, you can choose to restore to a new cluster or restore in-place.
```

>     To restore a new cluster, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore to a new cluster, take the following steps:
```

    1. Click **Restore to a New Cluster**.
    2. Enter a name for the new cluster.
    3. Choose the cluster plan for the new cluster.

>     4. Set spending limits when your choice is a scalable cluster.
>     5. Set the advanced settings as you need when your choice is a scalable cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Set spending limits when you choose a scalable cluster.
    5. Set the advanced settings as needed when you choose a scalable cluster.
```

    </div>

>     <div label="Restore to a New Cluster">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div label="Restore in-place">
```

>     To restore in-place, just click **In-place Restore**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore in-place, click **In-place Restore**.
```

   </div>
   </SimpleTab>

> 5. Click **Restore** to begin the restoration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Restore** to begin the restore process.
```

> After initiating the restore process, the cluster status changes to **Restoring**. The cluster will be unavailable until the restore is complete and cluster status changes to **Available**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the restore process begins, the cluster status changes to **Restoring**. The cluster will remain unavailable until the restore is complete and the status changes to **Available**.
```

## Limitations

> - If any TiFlash replica is enabled, the replica will be unavailable for a while after the restore because data needs to be rebuilt in TiFlash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a TiFlash replica is enabled, it will be unavailable for a period after the restore, because data needs to be rebuilt in TiFlash.
```
